toux.toux_presence_duree|data.toux.toux_presence oui
toux.mouv_resp|data.toux.toux_presence oui
toux.tirage|data.toux.toux_presence oui
toux.stridor|data.toux.toux_presence oui

diarrhee.diarrhee_presence_duree|data.diarrhee.diarrhee_presence oui
diarrhee.sang_selles|data.diarrhee.diarrhee_presence oui
diarrhee.conscience_agitation|data.diarrhee.diarrhee_presence oui
diarrhee.yeux_enfonces|data.diarrhee.diarrhee_presence oui
diarrhee.soif|data.diarrhee.diarrhee_presence oui
diarrhee.pli_cutane|data.diarrhee.diarrhee_presence oui

fievre.fievre_presence_duree|data.fievre.fievre_presence oui
fievre.fievre_presence_longue|data.fievre.fievre_presence oui
fievre.fievre.urines_foncees|data.fievre.fievre_presence oui
fievre.fievre.saignements_anormaux|data.fievre.fievre_presence oui
fievre.raideur_nuque|data.fievre.fievre_presence oui
fievre.ictere|data.fievre.fievre_presence oui
fievre.choc|data.fievre.fievre_presence oui
fievre.eruption_cutanee|data.fievre.fievre_presence oui
fievre.ecoulement_nasal|data.fievre.fievre_presence oui
fievre.yeux_rouge|data.fievre.fievre_presence oui
fievre.ecoulement_oculaire|data.fievre.fievre_presence oui
fievre.ulcerations|data.fievre.fievre_presence oui
fievre.cornee|data.fievre.fievre_presence oui

oreille.oreille_douleur|data.oreille.oreille_probleme oui
oreille.oreille_ecoulement|data.oreille.oreille_probleme oui
oreille.oreille_ecoulement_duree|data.oreille.oreille_probleme oui && data.oreille.oreille_ecoulement oui
oreille.oreille_gonflement|data.oreille.oreille_probleme oui

malnutrition.oedemes|data.enfant.age >= 6 
malnutrition.test_appetit|data.enfant.age >= 6
